Teakettle Carbon Manuscript Dataframes and Code
Created August 3, 2020 by Marissa J. Goodwin

Description of Dataframes (listed in Alphabetical order):

burnsnags.csv - Dataframe of all snags that were standing prior to the first burn and second burn. The "consumed"
column indicates whether they were consumed in the fire (1) or remained standing (0). This dataframe is used
in the logistic regression of snag consumption.

burnsnag_secondburn.csv - This dataframe is a subset of "burnsnags.csv", containing only snags that were standing
prior to the second burn. This dataframe is used to create Supplemental Figure 4 which shows the probability of snag
consumption during the second entry  burn.

carbonstability.csv - This dataframe is the output after calculating the carbon stability metric for each treatment unit.
Column "carbon_mg_ha_08" is the live tree carbon found in each treatment unit in 2008, "rsd" is the standard deviation of
the residuals, "Stability_Treatment" is the calculated carbon stability metric, and "Basal.Area" is the post-treatment
(2004) basal area for each treatment unit. This dataframe is used in the linear regression looking at basal area
and carbon stability.

carbonstabilityfig.csv - This dataframe is the same as carbonstability.csv, but contains an order column for creating Figure
2. 

ddd.csv - Dataframe of all trees that were alive in 2011 (Status_2011 = 1). Column "DDD" indicates whether the tree
died during the drought (DDD = 1) or survived (DDD = 0). Column "Growing.Space" indicates the growing space in meters squared
for each tree (calculated using Voronoi polygons). "DBH_11" indicates the 2011 DBH of the tree.
This dataframe is used in the logistic regression of the probability of tree survival during drought based on 
tree size and growing space. 

ddd_200.csv - This dataframe is a subset of "ddd.csv" and only includes trees with a growing space of 200 square meters
or less. This is used to create Figure 1, which shows the probability of tree survival during drought using
size, treatment and growing space as predictor variables. Less than 3% of trees were removed to create this dataframe. 

Emissions_Comparison.csv - Dataframe of average total emissions for each treatment for the first and second burn.
Includes column "Std" which is the standard error of the emissions for each treatment. This dataframe is used
to create Figure 4B. 

fuels.csv - This dataframe includes the carbon (column = "carbon") and standard error (column = "std") for each carbon
pool (column = "fuel_type") for each treatment and year. This dataframe is used to create Figure 4A.

largetree_livecarbonave.csv - This dataframe includes the live tree carbon (Mg/ha, column = "carbon_mg_ha") for each 
treatment unit for 2008, 2011, and 2017. This dataframe is used to calculate the carbon stability metric for each treatment. 

plotaverages.csv - This dataframe includes the carbon (column = "carbon") for each carbon pool (column = "fuel_type"),
treatment unit and year. This dataframe is used in the repeated measures anova of each carbon pool, the anova of changes
in surface fuels, and the t-test analysis of the changes in each pool during the second burn.

reburnemissions.csv - This dataframe includes the emissions from the second entry burn for each burn treatment unit.
Column "carbon_pre" is the total carbon in 2017 (prior to the burn) and column "carbon_post" is the total carbon in
2019 (two years after the burn. 2019 was used to account for burn related mortality). Column "emissions" is the difference
between the two and indicates the carbon emitted during the second burn for each treatment unit. This dataframe is
used in the ANOVA of second entry burn emissions. 

snags.csv - This dataframe includes trees that died during the drought (DDD = 1). Column "fell" indicates whether
the snag fell during the drought period (fell = 1) or remained standing (fell = 0). This dataframe is used in the
logistic regression of snagfall and is used to create Supplemental Figure 3. 

treatmentaverages.csv - This dataframe includes the proportion of total carbon (column = "proportion") in each
carbon pool (column = "fuel_type") for each treatment and year. This dataframe is used to create Figure 3. 

treatmentaverages_absolute.csv - This dataframe includes the carbon (column = "carbon") found in each carbon pool 
(column = "fuel_type") for each treatment and year. Negative values are so the fuel types "CWD" and "Dead" appear
under the x-axis for Supplemental Figure 2. 

Treatment Codes listed in Treatment columns:
BC - Burn/Understory Thin
BN - Burn/No Thin
BS - Burn/Overstory Thin
UC - Understory Thin Only
UN - Control
US - Overstory Thin Only

Code:

Teakettle Carbon Manuscript Analysis - Code for all analyses outlined in the manuscript

Teakettle Carbon Manuscript Figures - Code to create all figures presented in the manuscript and supplemental materials.
Exceptions include Supplemental Figure 1 and Supplemental Table 1 which were not created in R. 